Rework localization! (#1619)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/shaggy-shirts-sip.md

---
'@shopify/hydrogen': minor
---

> We have reworked how localization works in Hydrogen. By default the `useLocalization()` hook returns the default locale defined within your `hydrogen.config.js` file. The `<LocalizationProvider>` component now takes `countryCode` and `languageCode` as optional props. Any props given to `<LocalizationProvider>` will also be used by the `useLocalization` hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have reworked how localization works in Hydrogen. By default the `useLocalization()` hook returns the default locale defined within your [Hydrogen configuration file](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/hydrogen-config). The `<LocalizationProvider>` component now takes `countryCode` and `languageCode` as optional props. Any props given to `<LocalizationProvider>` will also be used by the `useLocalization` hook.
```

Reviewer: Suggest referencing "Hydrogen configuration file", as this can now be either `.js` or `.ts`.
